com/example/musicplayer/nowplaying/AlbumArtViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.AlbumArtViewPagerAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.AlbumArtViewPagerAdapter$AlbumArtViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/ui/songs/SongsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$6
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$7
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$7$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$8
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/AlbumsAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter$3$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AlbumsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/ui/playlists/PlaylistsViewModel.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsViewModel
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SongChanged.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongChanged
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/FolderItemClicked.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FolderItemClicked
com/example/musicplayer/ui/equalizer/VerticalSeekbar.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.equalizer.VerticalSeekbar
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/AddToPlaylistAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AddToPlaylistAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.AddToPlaylistAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/ui/songs/SongsViewModel.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.songs.SongsViewModel
com/example/musicplayer/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.musicplayer.BuildConfig
com/example/musicplayer/nowplaying/NowPlaying.java
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$1$2
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$10
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$11
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$11$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$12
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$13
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$14
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$2
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$3
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$4
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$4$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$5
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$5$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$6
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$7
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$8
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$8$1
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$8$2
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$8$3
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$8$4
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$8$5
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$9
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.NowPlaying$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/ui/artists/ArtistsViewModel.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsViewModel
com/example/musicplayer/ui/playlists/PlaylistsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistsFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SelectableAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SelectableAdapter
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/FoldersAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$3$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$4
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$5
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$5$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$6
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$7
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$FoldersViewHolder
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$ParentViewHolder
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.FoldersAdapter$SongsViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/ui/albums/AlbumsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$6
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/ArtistsAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter$3$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ArtistsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/ui/albums/AlbumsViewModel.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumsViewModel
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/QueueAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter$4
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.QueueAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/ui/artists/ArtistsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$6
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistsFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/database/Playlists.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.Playlists
com/example/musicplayer/MediaPlayerService.java
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$1
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$10
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$11
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$12
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$2
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$3
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$4
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$5
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$6
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$7
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$8
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$9
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$MyMediaSessionCallback
 com.example.musicplayer.MediaPlayerService$MyMediaSessionCallback$1
com/example/musicplayer/nowplaying/DepthPageTransformer.java
 com.example.musicplayer.nowplaying.DepthPageTransformer
com/example/musicplayer/StorageUtil.java
 com.example.musicplayer.StorageUtil
 com.example.musicplayer.StorageUtil$1
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/PlaylistsAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistsAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistsAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistsAdapter$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistsAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistsAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SearchAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$3$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$4
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$5
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$5$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$AlbumViewHolder
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$ArtistViewHolder
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$HeaderViewHolder
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAdapter$SongViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SelectionArray.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SelectionArray
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SelectionArray$node
com/example/musicplayer/database/Albums.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.Albums
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SongAdapter.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$2
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$3
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$3$1
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$4
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$5
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SongAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SearchAlbumClicked.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchAlbumClicked
com/example/musicplayer/database/DataLoader.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$1
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$2
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$2$2
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$2$3
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$2$4
 com.example.musicplayer.database.DataLoader$3
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/PlaylistItemClicked.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.PlaylistItemClicked
com/example/musicplayer/database/Songs.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.Songs
com/example/musicplayer/ui/playlists/PlaylistSongsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$6
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$7
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$8
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.playlists.PlaylistSongsFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/ui/albums/AlbumSongsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.albums.AlbumSongsFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SearchArtistClicked.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchArtistClicked
com/example/musicplayer/ui/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$6
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.SettingsActivity$7
com/example/musicplayer/database/Artists.java
 com.example.musicplayer.database.Artists
com/example/musicplayer/ui/folders/FoldersFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.folders.FoldersFragment$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/ui/search/SearchActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$1$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$1$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$2$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$2$2$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$1$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$1$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$2$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$2$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$4$2$3
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$5
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$6
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$7
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.search.SearchActivity$ActionModeCallback
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/SearchSongClicked.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.SearchSongClicked
com/example/musicplayer/adapters/ItemClicked.java
 com.example.musicplayer.adapters.ItemClicked
com/example/musicplayer/MainActivity.java
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$1
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$1$1
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$10
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$2
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$3
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$4
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$5
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$6
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$7
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$8
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$8$1
 com.example.musicplayer.MainActivity$9
com/example/musicplayer/ui/artists/ArtistAlbumsFragment.java
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistAlbumsFragment
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistAlbumsFragment$1
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistAlbumsFragment$2
 com.example.musicplayer.ui.artists.ArtistAlbumsFragment$ActionModeCallback
